Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Hello. Andrea.
- Hello. Jon.
Are you with David?
He's not picking up.
No. I'm waiting outside.
I think he was in a meeting.
What a nerve.
If he's not out in 5 minutes.
drag him out by the hair.
Okay.
And can you get some ice
from the 24-hour store. please?
Your buddy can't do without
his gin and tonic.
Whatever you say. boss.
Go on. don't be long. Big kiss.
See you soon. Big kiss.
- That's it. Jon. Let's go.
- 32 minutes late.
Sorry. I'll tell you later. Go.
I have to get some ice
from the 24-hour store.
And champagne.
No shit. You're going to ask her?
- Tonight?
- Sure. with you there.
Fuck no. I'll tell her we're spending
the weekend in Paris.
That's great. Paris.
Yes. I'll propose to her in Paris.
She'll love it. I'm happy for you.
Well. for both of you.
I know.
You know who's going to be
my best man. right?
- If he says yes...
- Shit. man. Can you imagine?
Kneeling under the Eiffel Tower
like: "Will you marry me?".
and she says:
"No. no! Fuck off".
Fuck that!
I'll go.
- Want anything?
- The ice. don't forget it. Thanks.
Fuck...
David!
David...
David.
David!
Call an ambulance!
A guy was killed in there
ten years ago.
There was blood
and bits of brain on the floor.
I heard there was a shootout.
that two guys died.
Look. he's gonna piss himself.
Now go inside the store
and get us a porn mag.
Go on. move it!
- Move it!
- Go!
Nico. what are you doing here?
I waited for you at school
for half an hour!
Are you alright?
Sorry. mom.
Go on. get in.
Where's your bag?
At school.
I don't have any homework.
This is the last time
you leave without telling me.
Put on your seat belt.
How is he?
In a coma.
They're going to do
some brain activity tests on him
and give us the results
in the morning.
My brother's not going
without a fight.
- Can I see him?
- Give me a second.
Did you see who did it?
I saw someone go.
but not his face. It was so fast.
He ran off?
No. he got in a car.
Anything else that could help?
Another man inside.
He was. I don't know.
from the east or Russian.
He had a tattoo here
and he was hurt.
He pointed a gun at me and left.
We're going to get
the fucker who did this.
Let's go.
Honey...
You have to fight. Please.
Don't let me alone. Please.
Please. please hold on.
He can't die.
He's not going to die.
You owe us a mag. asshole!
Don't forget. dickhead!
Go. go!
Mom...
Mom. let's go.
- You have to learn to defend yourself.
- They're older than me.
If they insult or hit you.
tell the teacher. or I will.
I'm not a snitch. mom.
And please don't talk to the school.
Unless you defend yourself.
they'll keep after you.
And they're going
to return your backpack.
I have to get gas.
Go get a shake for you.
What are you doing?
Aren't you a bit young
to be stealing porn?
How old are you?
I'll be ten next week.
Please don't tell my mother.
Don't worry.
Thanks.
Did you get the shake?
Not yet.
What are you waiting for?
How much is it? Pump 7.
That's 30 for the gas
and the magazine.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
Do you come to this store a lot?
No.
It looked like the owner knew you.
What were you talking about?
Did you know a guy
got killed in there ten years ago?
They blew his brains out.
Who told you that?
Kids at school. Is it true?
The same ones that are picking on you?
I'm sure they made it up
to scare you.
It's a positive response.
We're optimistic.
but we have to wait.
- It's too soon to tell.
- Excuse me.
The doctor said that a vein
is blocking the temporal lobe
and that may be why
his brain's not reacting.
Then they can save him?
Yes. They said the operation
is complicated. but yes.
there's a chance he could
come out of the coma.
That's great news.
When are they operating on him?
I don't know. he's still very weak.
They've given him blood transfusions
and they have to watch his progress.
Excuse me a second.
Marta.
Listen... did you get my message?
Yes.
Shootout in 24-hour store
no. he's still very weak.
Don't tell mom and dad yet. okay?
I'll keep you posted. Big kiss.
Terrorist attack by eta
in same place 32 years ago
Jon.
32 years ago there
was an attack in the same place.
In the 24-hour place?
Go home and rest.
you must be exhausted.
No. I'm fine.
Shall we get some dinner or...?
No. I want to spend some time
with David's mother.
Relax. If anything happens
I'll tell you. okay?
- Okay.
- Alright.
Thanks. Ciao.
- Ciao.
- Ciao. ciao.
Saving alife lisandro Lopez. 10
gas station
a 32-year-old man
with two gunshot wounds...
Nico. snack time.
Eat up. then finish
your homework. okay?
Nico. your snack.
What's wrong. Nico?
Are you alright?
Bastards.
Relax.
It's alright.
It's just a sick joke.
Get up. you've had an accident.
I'm sorry. mom.
- I didn't realize.
- Never mind. it's fine.
Go to the bathroom.
Whatever happens.
don't go to the 24-hour place
on your birthday.
If you do. you'll die.
It was in his bag.
inside that envelope.
They're making his life impossible.
They pick on him. take his things.
hit him. and no one does anything.
I saw it myself the other day.
And now this.
Lucia. we do all we can
to avoid these situations.
I'll find out who these boys are
and give them a serious talking to.
It's not about talking.
I won't let them do this to my son.
I want them punished. expelled.
I understand.
but this is a state school.
We can't do anything
without being totally sure.
First I'd have to talk to Nico.
He won't tell you anything.
He keeps it to himself
and he's having a rough time.
They're scaring him with the story
of the man killed in the gas station.
And now this letter?
They're persecuting him.
Those are harsh words.
Harsh words?
"Whatever happens. don't go
to the 24-hour store
on your birthday. April 12. 2018.
If you do. you'll die."
Yesterday. when Nico read
that letter. he wet himself.
That's never happened to him.
Let's do this...
Leave me the note.
If they bother Nico again.
he has must tell
the teacher or the head teacher.
or me. immediately.
Otherwise we can't help him. Lucia.
Take a good look.
There.
The bullet came from
that fucker's gun.
- Did you find out anything else?
- No.
But we'll catch him.
It's a matter of time.
How are the others?
The store guy and the boy.
The owner's alright.
He got a good scare. but...
I'm worried about the boy.
he's only 10.
107?
Yes. Why?
Did you know that in '76
there was an attack right there?
And there was a boy
at the shootout too. 10 years old.
That's strange.
Pure chance.
Fucking bugs.
What's wrong?
My mom went to talk
to the principal yesterday
and I'm bound to get it
from Luis and his friends.
Look.
Let's go.
Whose idea was it?
We didn't do anything.
Sure. the note wrote itself
and magically got into Nico's bag.
Maybe.
Fine. We'll do a handwriting test.
And if the writing on this note
matches any of you.
I'll open a harassment protocol.
And if I find out you've laid
a hand on Nico.
I'll expel all three of you.
Is that clear?
What does the note say?
That if I go to the 24-hour store
on my birthday. I'll die.
Jon?
Jon zarate.
- How are you?
- Nice to meet you.
Come in.
Yes.
I made some photocopies.
Thank you.
See? In 1976 there was no store.
just the pumps and an office.
The official car was here. filling up.
The general was in back.
reading the paper.
I was with the general's escort
cleaning the windshield.
A beautiful black dodge.
Then I heard the sound
of a motorbike approaching.
With two men.
Suddenly. the passenger
pulled out a machine gun.
It all happened so fast.
The escort jumped on me
and covered me with his body.
Meanwhile. the terrorist
shot at the car.
When the magazine was empty.
he yelled "long live eta".
got on the bike and they left.
I tried to move. but I couldn't.
The escort's body was on top of me.
He was dead.
The general was shot several times.
but he was luckier
and survived.
I went to the funeral.
I'll never forget it.
The escort's mother came over...
And made me promise
to make the most of my life
so that her son's death
was not in vain.
I'm not a genius or a scientist
or anything. but...
What I make from this business
allows me
to finance some soup kitchens
and some summer camps
for underprivileged kids.
I think I kept my promise.
Why do you want to know all this?
The person shot in the shootout
is my best friend.
I'm sorry.
Don't you think it's a bit strange?
What?
That there were two shootouts
in the same place.
In both. five people were present.
In both. a 10-year-old boy.
Yes. I do think it's strange.
Because in 1955
there was another murder there.
And it happened on April 12.
See you in the locker room
in the gym. it's important
Sara?
You thought you'd scored. huh?
You made up that shit
to fuck us over.
- I didn't make up anything.
- You wrote it yourself!
- I didn't do anything!
- We could get expelled!
Strip.
Take off your clothes
or I'll beat your fucking head in!
Strip!
Smile.
Listen to me.
Fuck us over again
and I'll put this photo on the net.
Got it?
- Nobody told you?
- No.
- No. What happened?
Okay. here's what happened...
Seriously?
Fernando. when was this?
- I don't believe it.
- Want to see the photo?
Nico. what's wrong?
I've got a photo. guys...
Jon zarate. winner of
the math Olympics
hello. this is Jon zarate.
Leave a message. Thanks.
Mr. zarate. this is social services.
The renewal of your temporary leave
is up for revision.
We need to do a complete check-up
to reauthorize it.
Hello?
Yes. I'm coming down.
- What is it?
- Nothing.
How old was the Russian
at the 24-hour store?
40. 42.
40 or 427
I don't know. 42.
How long have they been now?
David was taking me
to Paris this weekend.
He left the computer on
and I saw the tickets.
He's not much good at keeping secrets.
Right.
He told you everything. huh?
Right after I got out of the hospital.
Jon.
those were six tough months.
These things happen.
I was in for a long time. you two
spent a lot of time together...
- They've finished.
- And?
The surgeon says it went well.
We have to see how he progresses.
- Let's grab something to eat.
- Yes.
We've caught the man who did it.
- Aren't you happy?
- Yes. of course.
Sure. but if he's a minor
and gets away with it...
He's not a minor. For sure.
He's around 20.
21. he's 21.
What I'm going to tell you
may sound strange. but listen. okay?
I've been looking into some things...
The night David was shot
at the 24-hour place.
there were 5 people:
The owner. 53. a 10-year-old boy.
David. who's 32. the Russian. 42.
and since we don't know
the assailant's age.
we'll put a question Mark. okay?
Right. on April 12. 1976.
this same place was attacked.
There were also 5 people present:
A general aged 53.
his escort. 21.
a 10-year-old boy. a terrorist. 42.
and the other terrorist was 32 exactly.
Do you see the sequence?
- That's insane.
- If you think that is. check this out.
In 1955. in the same place.
there was another shooting.
- Also on April 12.
- At the gas station?
But in '55 it was an inn.
It was a crime of passion.
The owner had a lover
and when she wanted to break up
with him he went crazy
and turned up at the inn
with a shotgun.
The man was exactly 53.
the woman. 42. a nephew
who worked at the inn. 21.
A customer having a glass
of wine there. 32.
Who else was there?
The woman's son. who was 10.
That's why I say that David's killer
has to be exactly 21.
because the numerical sequence
is perfect. Isn't it amazing?
Jon. people don't die
because of a math.
This makes no sense.
Yes. it does. Here the proof.
numbers don't lie.
It's happened three times
and someone dies every time. It's math!
David's not dead. damn it!
I'm sorry. Forgive me.
It's true.
It's my stupid idea.
Jon. David was shot
on April 2. not 12.
That's true.
- Where'd you get that date from?
- You mean I'm making it up?
I don't mean anything.
You tell me.
April 12 is your birthday.
And?
- Have you stopped taking your meds?
- I can't take them.
They make my head fuzzy
and I need to be lucid.
But you can't stop taking the pills.
Does your doctor know about this?
I'm going to the bathroom
21.50. please.
I don't give a fuck about your family.
- You're not going to any birthday!
- You know I really want to.
- You're staying at home.
- What's wrong with it?
You're going home
to look after your fucking kids!
Please. not here.
You're not going anywhere.
Much less with your slutty cousin.
- She's a pig.
- Don't say that.
Sir. you have to leave the store.
Don't fucking touch me!
- Sit down.
- No. thanks.
We've spoken to the three boys
we think might've written the note.
And nothing. they deny it all.
What else would they say?
We did a handwriting test on them
and the writing on the note
doesn't match any of them.
Look. see for yourself.
Handwriting expert report
but someone had to write it.
According to the test.
it's an adult's handwriting.
Lucia. I don't want to pry.
but I think
it's my duty to tell you...
Maybe this matter is related
to your family situation.
I don't understand.
We know that your ex-husband
has a restraining order.
We've dealt with
this kind of thing before.
and maybe Nico's father is involved.
This is the limit.
Lucia. listen. please.
The note mentions his birthday.
Maybe the father wants
to be with the boy.
I'm reporting this to the police.
Lucia. please.
I'm sorry if I offended you.
but we can't rule out the possibility.
All you care about is your record
and this fucking school.
- I care about my students.
- Then keep them away from him.
fucking do that!
They won't touch your boy again.
I assure you.
You said that last time
and nothing's changed.
Here you are. And your change.
- Thanks.
- 'Bye.
- Good morning.
I was here the other day with my son.
We bought a magazine.
Someone slipped an envelope inside
with a threat.
that if he came here
on April 12. he'd die.
Maybe it's not a threat.
Maybe it's a warning.
This is ridiculous.
Did you do it?
Look. there was a shootout here
years ago on April 12.
Don't let your son
come here on that day.
end of story.
Employee. 32
killer. 53
hello. this is Jon zarate.
Leave a message.
Thank you.
Mr. zarate.
Dr. Ortiz insists that
you contact us immediately.
The therapy is vital for controlling
the progress of the medication.
Please. call us.
Bloody incident at head office
of credito agricola bank
Don't blink. please.
The left one.
Good.
Are you feeling alright?
Yes. I haven't slept much lately.
You have eyestrain.
I'll prescribe some drops.
Actually.
I didn't come here about my eyes.
Why then?
I wanted to know if you were
the son of Mercedes vizcay.
the woman who died
at the los molinos inn.
I'm sorry.
but I have patients waiting.
You were 10 when it happened.
weren't you?
Are you a journalist?
No. I'm not a journalist.
In that same spot a few days ago
a friend of mine was shot.
I read about in the papers.
I'm really sorry.
Thanks a lot.
Also in this place there was
an attack in '76.
And another murder in 1913.
I don't know if you knew that.
What do you want from me?
Whatever. any information.
I couldn't find out much
about what happened in 1913.
That place is cursed.
It was a massacre.
Do you know what happened?
Listen to me. leave it alone.
Forget that place.
I need to know.
Please. I need this.
Ask for Veronica.
maybe she can give you more details.
Hello. this is Veronica.
I can't pick up right now.
Leave a message
and I'll call you back.
Hello. this is Veronica.
I can't pick up...
Are you stupid or what?!
Can I help you?
Excuse me
are you looking for something?
I know you.
You were here on the day
of the shooting.
What do you know about
this place before it was yours?
Nothing. it was a gas station.
I bought it from a guy.
That's a lie.
Look. if you're not buying anything.
you'd better go.
I don't want any trouble.
Go or I'll call the police.
All these species
develop different behavior...
Leave me alone.
What's wrong?
You know very well.
I had nothing to do with it.
How can you even think that?
You're not the only one
who got the warning.
Martin vallet did too.
How do you know?
Her mother told mine.
He got a note?
No. the day Martin was born
a man appeared at the hospital
and warned them.
What did he say to them?
If he went to the 24-hour place
when he turned 10.
he'd die.
That's why they won't let him
leave the house that day.
- Nothing's going to happen.
- How do you know?
- It'll be a wonderful day.
- You can't be sure of that.
Honey. it's your birthday.
We'll see a movie and get a burger.
I don't want to go
to the 24-hour place.
Nico. we'll go there together
and I'll buy you a present. okay?
Are you crazy? I'm not going there.
much less on my birthday.
You can't live in fear.
Fear stops you from living.
- I don't care. I'm not going there!
- Yes. you are.
- You can't make me.
- I'm not. I'm going with you!
My dad wouldn't do this.
- Any good father would do it.
- That's a lie.
Another boy got the warning.
And his parents didn't let him
leave the house that day.
Our lady of Pilar
care home for the elderly
Jon. David's getting worse.
The doctors fear the worst.
He's not responding
to his treatment. and...
Call me. please.
She's deaf in her right ear.
Sometimes she confuses
places and people.
Otherwise. she's fine.
There she is.
Good afternoon.
Thank you for seeing me.
Do we know each other?
No. I'm here on behalf of
your granddaughter Veronica.
She spoke very highly of you.
she said you're incredible...
And have an excellent memory.
She's a historian.
she loves old things like me.
But why did she send you
to this whistle stop for mummies?
She told me you could
tell me what happened
at that branch of
crédito agricola bank.
That was a long time ago.
I was barely 2 years old.
But you heard about what your father.
Ezequiel Gonzalez. did?
What happened?
What was your father like?
My father was a desperate man.
He'd spent a long time
in the African war.
He got all kinds of diseases there.
When he came back.
he infected me with one of
those African viruses.
I was dying
and my father had no money
for the treatment.
so he went to that bank
and begged the manager
to give him a loan.
But since we were poor
and had no property.
the manager refused.
My father was so desperate
watching his daughter die...
That he decided to Rob that bank.
But something went wrong.
It all went wrong.
The bank manager had a gun
and tried to stop the robbery.
The other people started screaming...
And he acted like he was in the war.
He went crazy and started shooting.
He killed four people.
Then he committed suicide.
He committed suicide?
Who could live with the death of
four innocent people
on their conscience?
I won't bother you anymore.
Thank you for everything.
Are you sure...
We don't know each other?
No.
Thank you.
April 12. 1913.
Girl
April 12. '55.
April 12. '76.
Always April 12.
No. not always.
Not always.
But he's still alive.
He's alive physically.
but the latest tests indicate
that he's in phase 4.
it's advanced.
There's no hope of recovery.
I'm very sorry.
Is there nothing
that can be done?
Unfortunately. no.
I think the most humane thing
would be to turn off life support
- and let him go in peace.
- But...
Some people have woken up.
There have been cases.
The probability is one in a million.
That means there's hope.
Let's go.
It's over.
No. we can't let him die. Please.
Hello. this is Jon zarate.
Leave a message.
Thank you.
Jon. they want to disconnect him.
I need you to help me.
Come here or...
Call me back.
Boy. 10
Go!
Good. good. good.
Check him out.
The ref's a bit crap.
- Excuse me.
- Hello.
- Martin vallet's father?
- Yes.
I'm Lucia. the mother
of Nicolas. a classmate.
Hi. Nice to meet you.
What. did they fight?
No. It's not that.
Is Martin not going to class
on Tuesday?
Yes. Why?
My son received a note.
a sort of warning or threat...
- And you think it was Martin?
- No. no. But I was told that...
You got one years ago
in the hospital.
- when your wife was giving birth.
- I don't know what you mean.
Martin's not going on Tuesday
because he's seeing the doctor.
Of course.
- Soorry.
- It's okay.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
What did he say?
He not going to class. is he?
He's not going because
he has to see the doctor.
- Even he doesn't believe that.
- That's enough! Okay?!
I don't want to hear
another word about this. Got it?
Put your belt on.
- I've been calling you.
- I lost my cellphone.
Sorry. it's a disaster here.
How's David?
They're disconnecting him tomorrow.
Pablo and his mother have decided.
Jon. I need you to talk to them.
Tell them David is still alive.
They're disconnecting him tomorrow?
Tomorrow at 12.
Now it makes sense.
What does?
It's all 12. understand?
April 12. Ezequiel killed four people.
then committed suicide.
Exactly 42 years later
a woman aged 42 dies.
21 years later
a man aged 21 dies.
And 32 years later
a man aged 32 will die.
You see? The pattern
has repeated four times.
Every time one dies.
the next one is born.
It only needs to repeat once more
for the circle to close.
So in 10 years.
a 10-year-old boy will die.
Can you hear yourself?
- What do you mean?
- I don't know...
You're saying that these
are all the same people.
that every time one dies.
the next one is born.
that this Ezequiel. or whatever.
is reincarnated again and again.
I'm talking about
a numerical sequence.
You're saying that David
and this killer are the same person!
Andrea.
are you listening to me or not?
David is going to die.
When he does. a boy will be born.
And in 10 years
that boy will be shot.
But now that you and I know it.
we can stop it.
Okay. I know you feel guilty
about what happened.
It had to happen. David and I
had to be there that night.
You went there because
I asked you to!
David had to enter the store
for the circle to close.
No. you had to go into
that fucking place!
I asked you to get the ice!
Don't you see?
You're the one who should be dying!
Maybe. but I'm the one
here talking to you.
Happy birthday to you.
happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday. dear Nico.
Make a wish.
Great!
Happy birthday. honey.
Thanks a lot. mom.
You're welcome. sweetie.
Go on. get changed.
or you'll be late.
Jon. they're going
to unplug him this afternoon.
I'd like you to be here with me.
Happy birthday. Kisses.
Approval form for
ceasing life support treatment
Your mother's going to make you go?
David was going to ask you
to marry him in Paris.
I kept it in case he recovered.
Thank you.
I do.
I couldn't save you in this life.
but I will in the next.
The maternity ward?
Behind that door.
Maternity
Hey. you're not allowed in here!
Listen to me. It's very important.
otherwise your son will die.
Whatever happens.
don't let your son go to
the 24-hour store on Fontana St.
- On April 12. 2018.
- What the hell are you on about?
24-hour store. April 12. 2018.
- Let go of me.
- Fontana St.. 24-hour store.
- Let go of Mel!
- I just want to help! Let go...
- Or your son will die! Let go!
- Get out of here!
I just wanted to help! Please!
I just wanted to help!
Let go!
You have to listen to me!
How are you. honey?
I'm going to the car.
He's not in school.
We've looked everywhere.
He couldn't have gone
without being seen.
Could he have gone home alone?
No. it's his birthday.
He knew I was picking him up.
I told him to wait.
Take it easy.
we'll find him. okay?
We'll search the school again.
call his friends
and do whatever it takes
to find him.
- Thank you.
- Excuse me for a second.
Hello. good afternoon.
A boy has disappeared.
Tell me. what's wrong with you?
Unless you tell me.
I can't help you.
Have you taken any drug or medication?
I need my pills.
Good. what pills do you take?
In my pocket.
I just wanted to warn them.
their child is in danger.
These are pills for schizophrenia.
You have to believe me.
April 12. 2018.
- It's going to happen again.
- I'm going to give you an injection.
Excuse me. are you all right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Poor woman's scared to death.
I'm sure Nico's fine.
Let's go. you'll be late for music.
What were you thinking. Sara?
Do you know the fright you gave me?
And the embarrassment?
I'm sorry.
It's my fault. it was my idea.
I'm so sorry.
Let's go.
He's still alive?
Yes.
He doesn't want to go.
Mom. please...
Javi. I have to go pee.
Okay. hurry up.
- Get out of the car.
- I'm not going in.
Nico. get out right now!
I'm sick of this crap!
Listen. I was once like you.
I thought if I hid my head and
looked away. it'd all go away.
But it never goes away.
It got worse and worse.
The fear never left me.
not even when I was alone.
Until one day I decided
to put an end to it
and face the situation.
Then it was all over.
Do you see why you have to
go in there now?
Look. Here.
Get a shake and the latest issue
of that magazine you like. okay?
When you come out. I promise
we'll never mention this again.
Okay. honey?
Go on.
- Andrea. I can't talk now.
- Jon. no. wait.
What?
He's alive. He's very weak.
but he's alive. It's like he's been
resuscitated. it's a miracle.
Do you hear me?
You have to come.
Then you were right.
What?
I was the one who had to die.
No. no. No one's going to die.
- I have to go. Andrea.
- Jon. no. wait a moment.
- Wait a moment. please.
- I love you very much.
Whatever happens. don't go to
the 24-hour store on your birthday.
April 12. 2018.
If you do. you'll die.
I think that guy's
going to Rob the store.
I told you I didn't want
to see you here again.
- Listen. it's going to happen again.
- Get out of here.
What's this?
It's for a boy. in 10 years' time.
You have to warn him.
- Get out or I'll call the police.
- Fucking listen to me!
It'll be on April 12.
in 10 years' time.
Look at me closely. because the boy
will remind you of me.
Get the fuck outta here!
It's going to happen now.
Where's the older man?
He took the day off.
It's going be now.
No. no. don't shoot!
Relax. man. Relax.
- Take out your gun.
- I don't have a gun.
Outside! Outside!
Outside!
On your knees!
- Anyone else inside?
- No.
- Are you sure? The bathroom?
- No. there's no one else!
This doesn't fit.
Here's the police.
Drop the gun before
something bad happens.
Drop the gun!
Get out of here!
Run!
Oh. shit! Drop the fucking gun!
Last time! Drop the gun!
Go! Run!
Toss the fucking gun!
Run!
Nico!
Are you okay? Are you okay?
Mom. I wasn't scared.
I swear.
I wasn't scared.
Jon!
He's alright? Is everything alright?
Jon.
Jon! Jon!
No! No! Jon. no! No. no. no...
Hello. Nicolas.